App name
----------
Simi - Ask Questions and Chat in Real-time


Small Description
-------------------
Ask anything urgent and Simi will connect you to someone who can answer it for free.

Large Description
------------------
How many times have you had a question you needed answered right away but you just couldn't find an answer online or call or text anyone? This is what Simi is for. It's a community-driven platform to ask and answer questions in real-time on topics such as:

Health and Fitness
Travelling
Cooking
Entertainment - Movies, TV Shows, Gaming, etc.
Academics
Automotive
Sports
Hobbies
Parenting
Consoling
 

How does it work?
-----------------------
Asking:
You type a question and your question will get forwarded to users who are currently online. A few seconds later, you will be connected to someone who can answer it and start chatting. If you're not happy with the answer, you can ask again as many times as you want.

Sometimes only people near you may understand your question, especially if it is about a venue, a restaurant, etc. That's why Simi has the option to ask people nearest you. Otherwise, it will automatically forward the question to people around the world. 

Answering:
Simi will give you questions in the form of a swipe deck. If you want to answer a question, you right-swipe on it and you will be connected to the person who asked the question right away. However, if you don't want to answer it, you left-swipe on it. 

Feedback:
After every conversation, you get to rate your partner. Simi will use your feedback to improve the matching process.


How much does it cost?
-----------------------
Simi is absolutely free. No ads. Nothing. Ask or answer as many times as you want, anytime, anyday. 

Login
------------
You don't need to create an account with Simi but you will need either a Facebook or Google account to use it.

Is it Secure?
---------------------
Absolutely! Simi uses industry-standard encryption techniques to secure all conversations. That means no third party can eavesdrop on what you're talking about. 

Is it Anonymous?
-----------------
Simi is semi-anonymous. Your questions are posted anonymously but when you start a conversation with someone, your first name and your profile picture are shown to your partner.

Is Simi a Dating App?
---------------------
Simi is not a dating app and attempting to use it in such a way would be in violation of our Terms of Service. Please keep Simi clean and help us build a family-friendly community. 

Contacting Us
-------------------
If you have any questions, suggestions, and or need help with using Simi, please send as an email at simiappio@gmail.com. 

